Best always check http://atomicstryker.net/about.php for the most up-to-date version of this text




The modifications distributed here are (unless otherwise stated) the intellectual property of AtomicStryker. 
They may not be reproduced under any circumstances. The compiled mods may not be placed on any web site or 
otherwise distributed publicly without advance written permission by AtomicStryker. Distribution of these 
mods by anyone but me on any other website is strictly prohibited, and a violation of copyright. 
You are allowed to read and use the provided Sourcecodes in order to make interacting mods so long 
the resulting mod does still require my original to function. You are allowed to integrate ideas 
from my Sourcecode into your Mods, however you may not just 1:1 copypaste my code. 
Mods and Sourcecode assumed from other authors fall under their respective licenses and copyright statements, a link should always be provided.

All my mods are open source. You can check out the source here: https://code.google.com/p/atomicstrykers-minecraft-mods/source/browse/

 



Here are the terms you need to meet if you want me to allow you to redistribute any of my mods in a public modpack.

1. At least one mod of the modpack needs to be of your own making. This is to stop the stream of modpack kiddies 
just cobbling random mods together, having no idea what they are doing. This can be substituted by an extra nice PM, 
a well-written PM, any sort of contribution by yourself to the MC community at large, or really anything else i deem sufficient.

2. There must be credit and a link to the mod's thread on minecraft forums or this website.

3. The modpack may not be used to directly generate revenue of any kind (eg adfly). 
I do however consider monetized "Let's Play" type youtube videos which feature my mods within fair use.

4. Since i do not hand out "general" permissions for all my mods, make sure to specify which mods you want permission for.

5. After much confusion with people who had in fact read this but not indicated so in their PM to me i add this: 
Your PM must contain the sequence "Please sir can i haz permission?"

If you do meet those conditions or hope to get past #1 in a creative fashion you may write me a PM on minecraftforums, 
asking for permission. I have not turned down anyone yet who asked nicely. Also, for some reason people who wrote 
mods somehow presume they do not have to write requesting PM? PSA: That's not what my terms say at all.


 

Regarding private Mod Packs:

It is my personal belief private (as in, NOT PUBLICALLY ACCESSIBLE) modpacks should not require author's permit. 
If you do not plan on redistributing my stuff somewhere just anyone can get to, you have my permission to use my mods by default. 
Note non-profit rule #3 above still applies, do not try and make money off my works.